you
[Music]
then the Philistines gathered together
all their armies at a Fink and the
Israelites encamped by a fountain which
is in Jezreel and the Lords of the
Philistines passed in review by hundreds
and by thousands but David and his men
passed in review at the rear with a
Koosh then the princes of the Philistine
said what are these Hebrews doing here
and a Koosh said to the princes of the
Philistines is this not David the
servant of Saul king of Israel who has
been with me these days or these years
and to this day I have found no fault in
him since he defected to me but the
princes of the Philistines were angry
with him
so the princes of the Philistines said
to him make this fellow return that he
may go back to the place which you have
appointed for him and do not let him go
down with us to battle lest in the
battle he become our adversary but with
what could he reconcile himself to his
master if not with the heads of these
men is this not David of whom they sang
to one another in dances saying Saul has
slain his thousands and David his ten
thousands then a Koosh called David and
said to him surely as the Lord lives you
have been upright and you're going out
and you're coming in with me and the
army is good in my sight for to this day
I have not found evil in you since the
day of your coming to me nevertheless
the Lord's do not favor you therefore
return now and go in peace that you may
not displease the Lords of the
Philistines but what have I done
and to this day what have you found in
your servant as long as I have been with
you that I may not go and fight against
the enemies of my lord the king I know
that you are as good in my sight as
angel of God nevertheless the princes of
the Philistines have said he shall not
go up with us to the battle now
therefore rise early in the morning with
your masters servants who have come with
you and as soon as you are up early in
the morning and have light depart so
David and his man rose early to depart
in the morning to return to the land of
the Philistines and the Philistines went
up to Jezreel